[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Bob Epic Team.
Wow, that smells divine.
I'll have some now!
Gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp.
This isn't coffee,
it's hot water!
[PIPIMI]
Oh, how embarrassing!
[POPUKO]
I can't tell her that.
Oh, I love the rich,
robust flavor of coffee!
The rich, robust
flavor. So tasty.
[PIPIMI]
This is just hot water.
[POPUKO]
This is just hot water, right?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
♪ Doot do do doo, Poputan! ♪
♪ Doot do do doo, Poputan!
Doot do do doo, Poputan! ♪
♪ Doot do do doo, Poputan! ♪
Educational anime: Poputan !
Hi! My name's Poputan!
And I'm Pipitan!
All right!
We're here today to
get some fresh milk
to make a tasty, yummy cake!
So, friends, do you wanna guess
where we are right now?
That's right! We're at the farm!
Bokujou ni kita no!
[BOTH]
♪ Bokujou ni kita no! ♪
We came to the farm!
♪ For milk to make a tasty
cake, we came to the farm! ♪
But, Pipitan, do you know
which animal on the farm
can give us milk?
Hm, I wonder.
Let's ask our friends.
Do you know?
That's right!
We get it from Ms. Cow!
Ushi-san da ne!
[POPUKO] Hi, Ms. Cow.
May we have some milk?
[OLD GUY A chuckles]
Would you like to squeeze
out some of my milk?
Hi, Ms. Cow.
May we have some milk?
Oh, hi there,
Poputan and Pipitan.
Sure, you can have
my milk anytime.
Thanks, Ms. Cow!
Will Poputan be able
to get the milk we need?
Let's all cheer on
Poputan together.
You can do it, Poputan!
[CROWD]
You can do it, Poputan...!
Oh my fucking God! The pressure!
You don't even know
what it feels like!
Poputan's done with this shit!
Poputan is unable to deal
with societal pressure
and is rejecting
society altogether.
Perhaps you are also
unknowingly putting pressure
on someone in your life
while just trying to
show your support,
and therefore causing
them undue suffering.
Come on, let's apologize!
Let's say, "We're
so sorry, Poputan!"
Poputan, everyone
wants to apologize!
Okay! Ready, and...
Tch. Actions speak louder
than words, assholes.
Aw, looks like Poputan's
still in a yucky mood.
Well, in that case, this might
be a job for PT Bag!
Ready? Hey, PT Bag!
[PT BAG A]
PT Bag to the rescue!
PT Bag! PT Bag!
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Here are today's items!
I wonder which item will
make Poputan the happiest.
What do you think,
boys and girls?
That's right!
The answer is money!
Okane da ne! Thanks, everyone!
[laughs]
Hey, why don't we just buy
some milk with this money?
Good idea! The store's
just over there.
Wow, there are so many things
in this display case!
I wonder which one of
these items is milk.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Meat, veggies, and beer!
Cheers!
All right! A BBQ was
clearly the answer.
'Ey, I got your wiener
right here, girlies.
What's that? Do you hear
Mr. Sexual Harassment?
Can you help Poputan and Pipitan
by pointing him out to us?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Thank you!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited,
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[PIPIMI] Hey, now.
That's way over budget.
I guess we'll have to
cut costs where we can.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Hi! Time for another episode
of "Pop Team Cooking"!
Today's ingredient
is... bell peppers.
No! It's a friggin' bell pepper!
I hate bell peppers!
[PIPIMI] You're gonna
make Bell Peppermi
real sad saying that.
Bell Peppermi!
Yeah, I'm done with all that.
Screw being Peppermi.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[NANACHI]
Na!
[NARRATOR A]
Nanachi Ranking!
What's today's ranking?
Top five things we really
want Nanachi to eat!
Let's jump right
into number five!
[NARRATOR A] Fifth place:
Flounder wrapped in kelp sushi!
Damn. You shitty anime.
Why you gotta mess
with me like this, dude?
Nom.
[giggling]
Aw, look how happy Nanachi is.
She's so cute when the
food makes her crazy.
But if Nanachi's like this
with fifth place, what's next?
Rescue squad, you better
be standing at the ready!
[NARRATOR A] This is how
the ranking turned out.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
--[POPUKO] Bang, bang. Bang...
--[PIPIMI] Rip, rip. Rip, rip.
Please stop this violence!
There are children present!
Oh, fine.
Guess we're doing the
kid-friendly torture today.
[PIPIMI]
'Kay.
--[POPUKO] Bang, bang. Bang...
--[PIPIMI] Rip, rip. Rip, rip.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
[POPUKO] ♪ I wanna give
a giraffe some food! ♪
♪ Wow! He's eating it,
he's eating it! ♪
O-Oh.
[POPUKO groans]
[POPUKO] ♪ Uh-oh, my hands are
drenched in drooly drool now. ♪
♪ Guess I'll wipe 'em
off on this dolphin! ♪
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Good morning, everybody.
For today's prank,
I'm gonna be surprising
someone in their sleep.
Okay, be very quiet. Softly...
Soft?
[POPUKO]
Soft.
[PIPIMI]
Wut, bruh?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Wait, wait! Wait, wait!
[laughs]
Wait, wait! Wait, wait! Wait!
The way you're running like
a bugged-out 3D game
is so cute to me!
Wait, wait!
[giggles]
[POPUKO]
Yeah!
[laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Popuko!
[BOTH yelling]
[PIPIMI]
Huh?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh, kweh!
[POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh, kweh-kweh!
Kweh, kweh, kweh, kweh!
[PIPIMI]
Kweh kweh?
[POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh, kweh, kweh!
Kweh-kweh, kweh-kweh!
Kweh, kweh, kweh,
kweh-kweh, kweh, kweh.
Kweh, kweh, kweh.
kweh, kweh-kweh, kweh!
[PIPIMI]
Kweh, kweh, kweh.
[POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh-kweh, kweh!
Thank you all so much for
bluying Pop Team Epic , we--
Wait. You totally said "bluying"
just now. Try again.
Wait, I did? P-Pop
T-Team Epic ...
You got through the whole
episode only to mess it up now?
We really gonna end like this?
Pop Team Epic. Thank you for
all buying the show. Arigatou !
I got through it.
But, you know, I think people
are streaming it, too.
[PIPIMI]
Huh?
Really, though?
Yeah, really. You can
stream it, too.
But like, we need these
folks to buy it.
But like, would they buy it?
Well, yeah. Wh--?
You're not going to buy it?!
Maybe. I guess so.
You will, right?
Buy it. Buy it! Please!
I'm not gonna buy it.
I'm gonna buy me some of those
cotton candy grapes instead.
Yeah.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
Bob Epic Team.
Wow, that smells divine.
I'll have some now!
Gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp, gulp.
This isn't coffee,
it's hot water!
[PIPIMI]
Oh, how embarrassing!
[POPUKO]
I can't tell her that.
Oh, I love the rich,
robust flavor of coffee.
The rich, robust
flavor. So tasty.
[PIPIMI]
This is just hot water.
[POPUKO]
This is just hot water, right?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO] ♪ Doot do do do
doo, do-do-do do-Poputan! ♪
♪ Doot do do do doo,
do-do-do do-Poputan! ♪
♪ P-pop-pop, P-pop-pop, pop,
p-pop, pop pop p-pop. ♪
[PIPIMI]
♪ BOOM! ♪
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Educational anime: Poputan !
Hi! I'm Poputan!
And I'm Pipitan!
All right!
We're here today to
get some fresh milk
to make a tasty, yummy cake!
Hey, friends. We're somewhere
special today. Know where?
That's right! We're at the farm!
Bokujou ni kita no!
[BOTH] ♪ Bokujou ni kita no!
We came to the farm! ♪
[PIPIMI] ♪ Uh, farm!
Milk-milk. Farm! Milk! ♪
[BOTH]
♪ We came to the farm! ♪
Nice.
But, Pipitan, do you know
which animal on the farm
can give us milk?
Hm, I wonder.
Let's ask our friends.
Do you know?
[POPUKO] Come on.
Click it. Click the cu-cu.
That's right! We get it
from the cow! It's a cow!
Ushi-san da ne!
[POPUKO]
Hi, Cow. Gimme some milk!
[OLD GUY A chuckles]
Would you like to squeeze
out some of my milk?
[POPUKO]
Shut the hell up, nasty!
Yours is probably
all curdled, old man.
Yeah, that's right.
Say goodbye to your balls.
Squeal like a piggy!
Hi, Cow! Gimme some milk!
Oh, hi there,
Poputan and Pipitan.
Sure, you can have
my milk anytime.
[POPUKO]
Hurry it up.
Yeah! Hell yeah!
Will Poputan be able to
get the milk we need?
Let's all cheer on
Poputan together.
You can do it, Poputan!
[CROWD]
You can do it, Poputan...!
[screaming]
Ah, stupid!
Poputan is unable to deal
with societal pressure
and is rejecting
society altogether.
Perhaps you are also
unknowingly putting pressure
on someone in your life
while just trying to
show your support,
and therefore causing
them undue suffering.
Come on, let's apologize!
Let's say, "We're so
sorry, Poputan!"
Poputan, everyone
wants to apologize!
Okay! Ready, and...
I searched for my name,
but you bastards
haven't tweeted shit.
Hmm. Sounds like Aaron Dismuke
is still in a pissy mood.
I guess this is
a job for PT Bag.
Ready, and... Hey, PT Bag!
[PT BAG A]
PT Bag to the rescue!
PT Bag! PT Bag!
Wow, wow, wow, wow.
Here are today's items!
I wonder which item will
make Poputan the happiest.
What do you think,
boys and girls?
That's right! It's money!
Okane da ne! Thanks, everyone!
[POPUKO]
Woo!
This is going right into the
Foreign Exchange market!
I mean, global
inflation as it is,
it's the best investment
you can make!
Bitch, can't you hear?
I said Forex!
Wow, there are so many things
on dicksplay! I mean, display!
[PIPIMI]
Dude, shut the hell up.
I wonder which one of
these items is milk.
[POPUKO]
It's the white one.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Meat! Veggies! Beer! Beer!
[PIPIMI]
Hell yeah! Hell yeah.
Havin' a BBQ was clearly
the right answer.
Hey, I got your wiener
right here, girlies.
Nah, that's a Vienna
sausage at best,
and a shred of dental
floss at worst.
Oh, my, my, my, my, my.
Can you all point out
where this asshat is?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Thank you!
[PIPIMI] Wiener! Wiener!
Wiener! Wiener...
[POPUKO] Yeah. We're gonna slice
that Vienna sausage, bro.
You ain't shit.
[PIPIMI]
Fried chicken, fried--
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI] The part you've
all been waiting for...
[POPUKO] ...begins now.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[PIPIMI] Hey, now.
That's way over budget.
I guess we'll have to cut costs.
Cut 'em where we can.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Ep... ic.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Time for another episode
of "Pop Team Cooking"!
Better not be a bell
pepper. Bell pepper...
I told you to fuck off
with the bell peppers!
I hate bell peppers!
They taste like dish soap!
[PIPIMI]
You're gonna make Bell Peppermi
real sad saying that.
Bell Peppermi.
Yeah, fuck that.
Fuck Bell Peppermi.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[NANACHI]
Na!
[NARRATOR A]
Nanachi Ranking!
What's today's ranking?
Five things that we
wanna see Nanachi eat!
Let's jump right
into number five!
[NARRATOR A] Fifth place:
Flounder wrapped in kelp sushi!
Damn. You shitty anime.
Why you gotta mess
with me like this, dude?
Nom.
[giggling]
Never interfere with
somebody's dreams. Yuh.
But if Nanachi's like this with
fifth place, what's next?
Rescue squad, you better
be standing at the ready!
[NARRATOR A] This is how
the ranking turned out.
[POPUKO] They just keep
saying "Naaa." How cute.
[PIPIMI]
Naaaa.
[POPUKO]
Not when you do it.
[PIPIMI] All right, let's get
this shit started.
You ready?
Please stop this violence!
There are children present!
Oh, fine.
I guess we'll have to do the
kid-friendly torture today.
[PIPIMI]
Okay.
[POPUKO]
Okay, buddy.
Those spikes must
feel real nice, huh?
We're gonna make your
wittle teef chitter-chatter.
[POPUKO] ♪ I wanna give this
here giraffe some food! ♪
♪ Wow! He's eating it,
he's eating it! Yeah. ♪
Uh. Oh. Um...
[POPUKO]
♪ Oh mah gah. ♪
♪ My hands are drenched
in drooly drool now. ♪
I'll just wipe them
off on this dolphin.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Good morning, people!
I'm going to be surprising
someone in their sleep today.
Hilarious, right?
I'm gonna slobber all
over her toothbrush.
If she's sleeping naked,
I'm gonna upload that shit
to YouTube and embarrass her.
[PIPIMI] If you had a crush on
me, you should've just said so.
Because I feel the
same way, you know?
Why didn't you just
tell me how you felt?
[PIPIMI] I haven't been
able to sleep for years
because I can't stop
thinking about you.
Wait, wait!
Nope! You can't
catch me, stupid!
[BOTH laughing]
OMG, the way you're running
like a bugged-out 3D game
is so cute!
[POPUKO] Oh, stop! I bet you
say that to all the girls!
Haha! Playa!
You're just a playa!
[grunting]
[PIPIMI]
Popuko!
[BOTH yelling]
[POPUKO]
Literally who is that?
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh, kweh!
[POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh, kweh, kweh!
[PIPIMI]
Kweh, kweh?
[POPUKO]
Kweh, kweh, kweh-kweh.
Kweh, kweh, kweh. Kweh,
kweh-kweh, kweh!
Kweh, kweh, kweh?!
Kweh-kweh, pi pi pi kweh!
[PIPIMI]
Kweh, kweh.
[POPUKO]
Kweh-kweh, pi, pi, pi!
Man, I'm exhausted.
Like holy shit. They just
let us say whatever.
Like, how the hell did
this even happen?
Jarrod Greene, you were
insane. For real.
[BOTH laughing]
[PIPIMI]
Aargh! My head!
Oh, he's broken! Jarrod Greene!
Jarrod Greene is broken!
He's broken! Nooo! What's wrong?
I-I never thought I'd
be going through
all this on Pop Team Epic .
Crunchyroll is just--
Uh, they're just like...
The only place that
hires you? Yeah, I know.
I don't even know, man.
So you're probably
gonna go record
another show right
after this, right?
Uh, for Crunchyroll?
Is... Does it have anything
to do with pirates?
I believe in you.
Fuck, man. Wait, what the fuck?
[POPUKO]
Sh-Should we not say fuck?
[POPUKO laughs]
[PIPIMI]
And we're outta time.